# DMA IP Repository README

## Description
This repository includes iDMA IP, DMA hardware example in Vivado project, DMA hardware application in Vitis project.

## Usage
- axi_example_ex: The axi example generated by Vivado AXI IP.
- component: The repository contains four components used in iDMA IP: iDMA, axi, common_cells, register_interface.
- dma_ip: The original Vivado project for generating iDMA IP.
- idma_axi_test: The Vivado project for iDMA IP test with AXI Monitor IP.
- **ip_repo**: IP repository storing iDMA IP and interface
    * addr_map: addr_map interface
    * axi_addr_offset: shift axi address by base address
    * axi_cdc: axi cross clock domain
    * axi_id_remap: remap axi id from wider slave id to narrower master id. 
    * axi_xbar: axi smartconnect. **not work with zynq (maybe because of address map in Vivado).** MstIdWidth = SlvIdWidth + log2(NoSlvports)
    * dma: iDMA
    * reg_to_axi: register_interface to axi
    * register_interface
- src: rtl files for the dma_ip project
- z19_iDMA: Vivado and Vitis project for iDMA hardware platform with riscv, implementing cDMA transfer data between DDR and BRAM. (deprecated)
- z19_MP_cDMA: Vivado and Vitis project for cDMA hardware platform with MPSoC, implementing cDMA transfer data between DDR and BRAM.
- z19_MP_iDMA: Vivado and Vitis project for iDMA hardware platform with MPSoC, implementing iDMA transfer data between DDR and BRAM.
- dma_core_wrap_product_guide.md: The product guide for iDMA IP.
- flatten.sh: A script to flatten files in multiple folders into one folder.
